what makes me laugh the most
immeasurable ended carloncho because
he must despair but he despaired because
I do not despair at all
I love
that makes us despair
years of the effort to say that it is so
normal
at six years
my friend
as friends
friends
s
everyone wants to paste other
like me
first because
I'm already here shaking like all the
days it seems to me that it will not come out anymore
screams more
in these conditions I can not be with
a woman
a person
good
leaving your intimate life
after everyone is already
talking about this girl who is talking
of active gallants of 40 years my mom
he says he was very handsome
Of course, everyone knows the story
that these girls crying declaring the
means of everything else then then
it turns out that the next day they were
said yesterday that if he had patriotic the
door had pushed him the way of
shoves pawned on that movie
strong but never
another girl because she was the protagonist of
a similar film now we what
We can say that he loves the
aggression and julia has several little things
so to attack the cameras and all the
medals lady guillén then the one that was
attacked which is the badge and the
woman and mistreats
and in believes that it has less soldering
martínez why she does not dare to
denouncing the tract also accustoms
you have to have strong evidence to
to be able to make a report and that if there
a complaint by means must be made
because this is going to present more than going to
set a precedent if it happens
for hot water to be made for water
lukewarm quote like who says and if you
conceal if it were in the
situation that had some kind of act
of violence by julián not but
of course today he came back with more
nutrition of the wonderful world of
respect comes back with a blessed